# 1.Individual Data Import Introduction	

   Individual data import is the function of importing data into the application. First choose different data sources and formats that need to be imported, and then select the target address to import the data to the target location. It includes three engines namely data import, Natural Language Processing, and medical terminology standardization.

# 2.Natural Language Processing Engine

## Word Segmentation Function Introduction
	
  Word segmentation refers to dividing a sequence of Chinese characters into a single word. Chinese word segmentation is the foundation of text mining. Successful segmentation of Chinese sentence into a Chinese word will achieve the effect of computer automatic recognition of sentence meaning. This method is also called mechanical segmentation. It matches a Chinese character string to be analyzed with a certain strategy according to certain strategy. If a string is found in a dictionary, it will match successfully (identify a word).

## Semantic Analysis Function Introduction
	
  It¡¯s achieved through syntactic, grammatical, and disambiguate functions. Statistics Natural Language Processing used the method of inference, probability and statistics to solve the abovementioned problems, especially for long sentences with high fuzziness, which caused difficulties when thousands of possibilities were generated by analyzing the actual grammar. These highly vague sentence disambiguation methods are usually applied to the corpus and Markov model. The technology of statistical Natural Language Processing is mainly developed by the same subdomains related to learning behavior in the domain of artificial intelligence: machine learning and data mining.

# 3.Medical Terminology Standardization Engine

## Function Introduction
	
 As the medical language and the clinical data are wide and varied, identifying the accurate meaning of the medical term is essential yet very challenging. MTS can facilitate the inter communication of different standard, complex and heterogeneous medical data, so as to support the effective conduct of various services.

## Ontology
	
  First, establish the association of the ontologies. This is the AI manual intervention process, which is not going to elaborate in this document. Then, based on the above relationship, the diagnosis ontology is generated, and the specific generation rules are not going to be specified in the document either.
	
